Stop, Mr. Zhao and I are in love
I just wanted to lie to you, you trash
Just sign a divorce agreement
Li Jiaoer, why are you doing this to me?
In the past five years
You use the name of my Li family son-in-law
Abducting everywhere
It made me lose face.
Even if you could satisfy me once in the past five years
I won't refund you.
Hahaha
I became like this to save you
I not only lost my dignity as a man
He's blind.
You are ungrateful
Are you still human?
I'm really blind
I was actually engaged to you, a piece of trash
Zhao Gongzi is the richest man in the building
Only he is worthy to be my man
Only he can give me the life I want
Is money more important than sincerity?
Money is not important
The important thing is that having money can cultivate relationships
Five years ago, when the Dragon King was in retreat and practicing, he promised
Exit customs today
To transfer the commercial agency rights of the Dragon King Palace
Handed over to the first family in the building
Zhao Gongzi is the richest man in the building
It is inevitable that no one can stop it
Tonight at the Holy Dragon Feast
The business agency of the Dragon King Palace is not the Zhao family
As long as I divorce you trash
Naturally, I can marry Mr. Zhao
By then, my Li family will soar into the sky
If you want to live, punk
Just sign this divorce letter for me
If you want to get out of the marriage, I won't sign it even if I kill you.
If so
To hell with that.
It is now a society ruled by law
You can't escape if you want to kill me
It makes sense for a blind man to stumble and fall to his death.
You look poor and blind
Not even a man
What qualifications do you have to live in this world?
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I was the one who hit you like this 5 years ago with a drunk driving
Hahaha
Ah!